Provides a surrogate or placeholder for another object to control access to it. Also known as surrogate.
One reason for controlling access to an object is to defer the full cost of creation and initialization until we actually need to use it.
A proxy acts as a stand in for the real object. It takes care of creation of the actual real object when needed.

The Proxy(ImageProxy) maintains a reference to the original object. Provides an interface identical to the Subject so that the Proxy can
be substituted. Controls access to the real subject and may be responsible for creating and deleting it. Other responsibilities
depend on the kind of proxy : remote proxies are responsible for encoding a request and its arguments for sending to the real subject in a different address space.
Virtual proxies may cache additional info about the real subject so that they can postpone accessing it. Protection proxies check that the caller
has the access permissions required to perform the request.
The Subject(Graphic) defines the common interface for the RealSubject(Image) and Proxy so that the Proxy can be used everywhere the RealSubject is expected.
The RealSubject(Image) defines the real object that the Proxy represents.
The Proxy forwards requests to the RealSubject when appropriate, depending of the kind of proxy.


When to use
1. When we need a local representative for an object in different address space(remote proxy).
2. When we need to create an expensive object object on demand (virtual proxy)
3. When we need to control access to the original object (protection proxy). Useful when objects should have different access rights.
4. When we need a replacement for a bare pointer that performs additional actions when an object is accessed (smart reference).

Related patterns
Adapter provides a different interface to the subject it adapts. In contrast the Proxy provides the same interface as it's subject.
Decorator can have similar implementations as proxies, but they have a different purpose. A decorator adds one or more responsibilities
to an object, whereas proxy controls access to an object.